Added prerequisites (#188)
AVSystem/developer-zone: docs/academy/exercise1.md

* Installed **minicom** (for Linux), **RealTerm**, **PuTTy** (for Windows), or another serial communication program.
* An active [{{ coiote_short_name }}]({{ coiote_site_link }}/) user account.

> 

Reviewer: Why?

        When using **Ubuntu**, run the following command:

        ```
        sudo apt install python3 cmake gcc-arm-none-eabi libnewlib-arm-none-eabi libstdc++-arm-none-eabi-newlib
        ```

>         When using **Fedora**, run the following command:

Reviewer: Also, is `gcc gcc-c++` really required for Fedora and not for Ubuntu? Sounds sus.

>         When using **Fedora**, run the following command:

Author: A lot of people did this course and no one said anything about this. Also, I didn't find anything about gcc-c++ on Ubuntu. I prefer to leave this as it is

        When using MacOS, run the following command:

        ```
        brew install python cmake armmbed/formulae/arm-none-eabi-gcc
        ```

    === "Windows"

>         When using Windows install the [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/windows/), [MinGW](https://sourceforge.net/projects/mingw/) and [CMake](https://cmake.org/download/) programs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        When using Windows, install the following dependencies: [Python3](https://www.python.org/downloads/windows/), [MinGW](https://sourceforge.net/projects/mingw/) and [CMake](https://cmake.org/download/).
```

        ```

    === "Windows"

>         !!! note

Reviewer: Why is this a note? It's in the Windows tab, it doesn't and shouldn't be a note.

>             For Windows systems you will also require to install the [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/windows/), [MinGW](https://sourceforge.net/projects/mingw/) and [CMake](https://cmake.org/download/) programs.

Reviewer: Why `Mac` has only `brew install armmbed/formulae/arm-none-eabi-gcc` as a dependency? No Python or CMake are needed? It's still so inconsistent.

Reviewer: Also, why won't you show installation steps for windows, but you do for e.g. Linux?

Author: for linux and mac the installation is writing the terminal commands. For windows is downloading the files from links
